[Music]
a female Varro's eagle is on patrol
she's a fussy eater a pygmy owl won't do
her diet is so specialized she needs a
partner to help capture it they're
searching for a prey who's nearest
living relative is the African elephant
the tusks they're a giveaway a rock
hyrax they feed on bushes on the cliff
face safe from most predators but these
Eagles use a tactic rarely seen in the
bird world they go to work as a team it
won't be easy fan tailed Ravens don't
like eagles in their airspace
this is a test of aerobatic skills a
nesting Kestrel doesn't want the Eagles
around either
[Music]
the Eagle split up the female hugs the
cliff edge
while the male soars in front of the Sun
hiding in the blinding light but the
hyrax
have a unique blue tinted retina that
acts like sunglasses allowing them to
stare directly back they don't let the
male eagle out of their sight
but the mail was merely a decoy his
partner has already made the kill by
working together they've captured their
favorite meal to feed themselves and a
hungry chick the pair must kill over ten
hyrax a week
[Music]
you